DC-315: add doc for offheap queue (#5384)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/time-series-storage/timeseries/configuration.adoc

| Description
| Default

| org.opennms.timeseries.config.ring_buffer_size (Deprecated)
| Maximum number of records that can be held in the ring buffer.

> Must be a power of two. (It will override by org.opennms.timeseries.config.buffer_size, unless it is -1.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Must be a power of two.
This will be overridden by `org.opennms.timeseries.config.buffer_size`, unless it is -1.
```

| 8192

| org.opennms.timeseries.config.buffer_size
| Maximum number of records that can be held in the memory buffer.
Must be a power of two.

> | -1 (override by org.opennms.timeseries.config.ring_buffer_size)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -1 (override by `org.opennms.timeseries.config.ring_buffer_size`)
```

| org.opennms.timeseries.config.writer_threads
| Number of threads used to pull samples from the ring buffer and insert them into the time-series database.
| 16

| org.opennms.timeseries.config.buffer_type

> | Type of buffer. (RINGBUFFER / OFFHEAP) +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Type of buffer (RINGBUFFER or OFFHEAP). +
```

> RINGBUFFER is a high performance queue. It will only keep data in memory. if the queue overflow, it will drop data. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RINGBUFFER is a high-performance queue.
It will only keep data in memory.
If the queue overflows, it will drop data. +
```

> OFFHEAP is a queue that will store data in memory. However, when queue overflow, it will persist extra data into disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OFFHEAP is a queue that will store data in memory.
When the queue overflows, it will persist extra data onto the disk.
```

| RINGBUFFER

> | org.opennms.timeseries.config.offheap.batch_size (OFFHEAP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| org.opennms.timeseries.config.offheap.batch_size
```

> | Data block size for OFFHEAP queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data block size for offheap queue.
```

| 8192

> | org.opennms.timeseries.config.offheap.path (OFFHEAP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| org.opennms.timeseries.config.offheap.path
```

> | Location for storing offheap data. Please make sure it is a high performance disk for high loading system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Location for storing offheap data.
This location should be a high performance disk that will accommodate a high-load system.
```

| /tmp

> | org.opennms.timeseries.config.offheap.max_file_size (OFFHEAP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| org.opennms.timeseries.config.offheap.max_file_size
```
